Most colleges look at GPA and class rank.  Also, most high schools multiply earned AP gpa by a multiplier to reflect additional difficulty.  For instance, a B in an AP class in my school was a 3.96 vs a 4.0 for an A in a standard class.  In that case, the AP class is probably better.  I'd like to think that more selective colleges take a more holistic approach to admissions, though I have no evidence of this, as I got a budget priced state school education.  (and a darn good one at that!)
I used to work in a college admissions office for a major university and they used a specific formula for calculating GPAs. They did this to put everyone on an even playing field - so that high schools that don't weight AP classes differently would be measured the same as those that do. Though I don't remember the specific calculation anymore, I definitely remember that AP classes were given a higher score. I'd suggest you take the AP class and try for the best grade you can get - because ultimately it'll be weighted higher at the college/university you are interested in, giving you a better chance of getting in!
AP--Advanced Placement--was developed as a way to get bright and motivated high school students more challenging work. Taking the AP classes supposedly gives kids more academic work, greater challenges, and extends learning past the typical high school class. If you take the AP exams--standardized examinations--and get above a certain score then colleges accept this as "credits" toward college subjects. Its not uncommon for students to come to college with 3-12 AP credits that let them skip introductory level courses in college.
Study for and get a GED first. Take a couple of classes at your local community college for a couple of semesters to get a feel of what college is like. From what I heard, the level of difficulty between community college classes and regular colleges/universities are pretty much the same even though community colleges often get stereotyped as being "easy".Try to find a community college with classes related to computer science to build up your skills.Take math classes too of course. Do very well and try to transfer to a college or university. Colleges and universities like to see an applicant that sincerely wants to get the most out of their education and can prove it by their transcripts. . . P.S. If you're trying for a 4 year-degree at a university/college, make sure the classes you take over at the community college can transfer over there as it saves a lot of time, money and headaches -especially General Education Classes. Tuition at community colleges is a lot cheaper so it's better to spend money on those classes there than at the university. Anyways, wish you luck!
It depends, if you take/took any adanced classes in middle school or junior high, they would probably be easy. That is not always true, for me I was in an at-risk program in tenth grade and am now in AP classes that are easy, and I have friends who took Honors classes and struggle with AP classes. So, i guess I'm saying that the answer is a very firm and definite maybe.
AP stands for "Advanced Placement". I don't know what the other one stands for, but AP is better because if you pass a test at the end of the course, you could get college credits from a high school class.
it depends. if you want to get into a strong, private college, try to take every class available and work your ass off. if you're shooting for a good UC, take mostly AP classes with honors. if you're doing anything below a UC or high state school, don't take too many, because you might burn out before college.
try to get honors and ap classes also buisness classes would not hurt, it really depends on what your feild of study is going to be.
Bachelor of Science, Bachelor of Business Administration, Bachelor of Arts. The difference is, you take mostly the same classes for your major, but you have to take other classes to qualify for the degree.  For BA, you need foreign language, for BS more computer science (like 1-2 classes, not much) and math.  And the other guy was right, it does depend on the school.
Just take a few college classes and get a better job.  . . The outsourced jobs are the customer service and factory jobs, jobs Americans weren't taking.. . The higher paying jobs are still here.. . Just ONE class at a jr college can make a huge difference in your paycheck.. . Good luck!
Since you're in college, take a conditioning class or weight lifting class.  The instructor will be really informative, especially it's at a college level, usually requiring a doctorate degree to teach.. . Those type of classes are usually one unit, so it will save you a lot of money.  Plus you get credits!
alright your GPA is great, but that is not all they look at for honors...at least at my old middle school it was the grades you got in 8th grade for the separate classes like if you get all A's this year or really close to it you can take honors in every class.... . yup yup make sure to maintain that GPA it will definetly benefit you, and after some of those you might want to take AP because it gets yah some college credit....so if they offer pre-AP classes then you will want to take them they are weighted a little more than honors = )
you get better food in business class not the crap in a plastic bag in coach class
You have to go to college and get you bachelors in education. Try to take classes in social work.
I took it two years ago and didn't find it very hard (and I'd just taken regular US history cause my school didn't have an AP class).  It's totally fine to take the AP class and not the exam.  However, I'd recommend taking it because if you do well that's great and if not you don't have to report it to colleges.
Take plenty of math and science - all sciences. Of course health classes. If your HS has any physiology, kinesiology and anatomy AP classes take them too.
They will help you, but some will count for some college classes, cause i took caculous and they didn't counted for my college and also i took some AP class and it didn't trranfer cuase my spanish clases took place, so at times it could look good, but if it's not what u need for college dont take it couse you could be wasting TIME! so yeah and omg i feel so stupid for wasting it like that when at the end it was all bs i didn't need it.
take a class and get a tutor
Either . . a. go to college and take a C++ or Basic class. b. go to a local book store, get the book, study it, take the test, get the certification
I know where I go to school your GPA can be weighted by AP or dual-enrolment (college) classes.  That's the only way I know you can get above a 4.0.  Also, you don't have to get a 100% in all your classes to have a 4.0. You just have to have all A's.
Do u take AP chem? my class hasn't got that far
It's time for you to take a philosophy class at a local college.
u will have to approach the office there & ask them the procedure for admissions. which class are u seeking admission for, the earlier u register a child better it shall be.
Don't take full time credits in college. Take evening classes.
Talk to your guidance councelor.  Most high schools now have kids fill out a 4 year plan for their high school class schedule based on their interests to give them a headstart in college.  The more AP CLASSES you take will also give you more credits for college.  My son wants to be a doctor and his guidance councelor reccomended that he take as many AP's as possible because after his freshman year in college he will have enough credits to be a junior the following year.  Our school is on a 5.0 grading system.  Hope this helps!  Good luck to you! Also summer school classes are a great way to get ahead too or if you have a tech or college near you,that is also beneficial to getting ahead before you start college. Talk to your GC though.  They will get you the answers you're looking for. Good job,thinking ahead also!
Advanced Placement tests.  Often times, a good score on an AP test will transfer into college credit.  It's important to check at the college or university before taking the test to figure out the score you need to take to get the credit and if you'll get any credit at all (but I think most transfer).  This can be a wonderful way to get ahead in your college career by saving some money on credits and not having to take those classes in college!
Well, when you calculate your grade point average. In the Florida Orange County School System, an "A" is 4 points, a "B" is 3, a "C' is 2, and a "D" is 1. You add these numbers according to your grade in each class and divide by the number of classes. Many schools, however, use a "weighted" system which allows for a higher average. For example, an "A" in a regular class would give you a 4, but an "A" in an honors class would give you a 5. If you take six honors classes and get straight         . "A's" then you will end up with a 5.0 GPA. As for AP classes, an "A" will give you a 6. That is the highest you can get for an "A" in high school. For college, I cannot be sure as I am not there yet. I hope this is clear and helpful.
Take writing classes, most community colleges have courses.
If you do well in any AP class, it's a good sign that you'll do well in whatever major you select.  Your question makes me believe that you're not sure what major you want.  I would suggest you start college undecided and take your general education classes (the required maths, sciences, humanities, etc for any degree), but select classes that fascinate you and fit the general education requirements.  From there you'll have a better idea what you have a passion for and you can then take all classes that are required for the major you select.
Usually the art supply stores offer classes.  Most community colleges offer art classes and also the continuing education classes held at night offer art classes.
Also try taking classes at a college that you could transfer to the university.  I don't know if there are community colleges in Ontario, but in the states taking classes at a community college and doing well in them is taken into consideration when you apply to a university.
I don't know if they let you know what your current grade in the class .  if they do think about getting that grade higher.. . Second. college is a business, if you do not get a good grade they d not care.  You will have to take the class over again and repay for the priviage.  Its your money that the professor gets if even if he has to teach the class to the same person twice.  also if you have a scholarship they do not pay twice for the same class.
A GPA > 4.0 means it has been weighted to give more credit for AP (advanced placement courses). So if you get an A in an AP class that is a 5.0.
Not very hard. Which so called "pre AP" classes are you thinking about taking?
in my state cali you have to have these classes called Ap classes and if you get an F it counts as a D and if you get a C it counts as a C and C as B and B as A and A is  has 5.0 or sometin like dat . . .                               WEST SIDE
go to honors classes you get an extra point. do community service, most high schools give you extra credits for that. you can also do an easy class so you can get an easy A
You read, you take a class in college that helps you read.
i find it easy and fun to excercise when i mix it up. try different classes, listen to music on an mp3 player when you jog. take a dance class or a step class.
You're college will make sure you choose the right classes.  Of course, you will have to take the core classes:  english, algebra, chemistry, etc.  You also have to take the nursing related classes:  pharmacology, biology, psychology, anatomy, nutrition, etc.
Most colleges require a science class(es) for graduation.  Why compain about such a great class?
a very boring college class.
because coverup is a class they had to take to get into office.
ask a friend who does it or take classes at a local college or community center.
Pay attention in class and stop screwing around.  And get better grades.
Beacuase usually the republicans get in office and pass laws for the upper middle class and high class citizens. Democrats promise to take care of all citizens including the lower- middle class and lower class. Whether they do what they say- now thats questionable
take something easy like a gym or a basic health class or if your school has like a cooking class or whatever. studying never hurt either
Under your college name there should be an option to add a class. On there you can add and edit your classes
go to a community college. sign up for ged testing.... ged is high school dip equiv.. . once you get ged..... take community college classes... cheaper and can transfer to a four year college later.
what are you hoping to do with the education?. . if you NEED the degree, are you sure you need it? i mean, if a job is demanding that you get it, they should be willing to pay for some of it.. . if you're doing it in hopes of getting a job, there are better ways!. . if you just want to be educated, you can audit classes (especially at community colleges) for cheap. a college class will be less than a gym membership.. . student loans are pretty easy to qualify for, but you'll have them forever. make sure you're getting something that's worth the debt and the hassle!
write a lot. take classes. then get opinions on you writing. get a job in the field and then take it from there.
I THINK U SHOULD TAKE CLASSES AND THEM GET AN AGENT
Get a "gentle lead" and take your dog to dog obedience class.
tkae a computer class at a local ocmmunity college
Go to college and take classes that will help you become A+ Certified. Then go to a place to take the A+ test to become certified.
Send her to an ESL class at your local college or adult school.  Speak to her often and read easy books with her.
College classes are intense. They are a lot harder than high school and there is no making them up. College prep gets you ready for life, whereas high school only gets you ready for college.
You don't suck at life.  You are living and breathing just fine.. . You just need to get out more.  Take a class at the local community college and learn something new.. . Art, Piano, Agriculture, Horseback Riding, Tennis, Swiming, Yoga...  You name it, they have it, and it is CHEAPER to take the class at the college.. . As a bonus, you will meet others that are interested in your new hobby!
Start at RIF and see what you can find there. ESL (English as a second language) classes may be available in your area. Or check with your local library for optional classes. Most colleges have classes you can take individually or even audit for low cost.
take a class. at the end of the class, they give you your lisence.
Most schools us this basic 4 point system for gpa.... A = 4. B = 3. C = 2. D = 1. F = 0. . You add all of your grades together, and divide by the number of classes you are taking.  By the way, this means that you should always drop a class if you can instead of failing it.  Even though in most colleges you would still have to pay for the class, a dropped class won't effect you GPA.  An "F," however, is devastating to a GPA.. . You also need to take into account how many credit hours a class is.  (This doesn't matter if you are in High School, or even if every single class is worth the same number of hours.)  For example, in most schools the standard class is 3 credit hours.  But most P.E. classes are only one credit hour, and some advanced classes are 5 credit hours.  In such a case some classes will have a greater effect than others.  In this case the easiest way to think of it is that if you have a 5 hours class and you get an A, you got 5 As.
You have to take class, go to college, you can ask a Pharmacist how to become one!!!
I also have trouble with English I started at a Junior college and took 3 English writing classes, this transfered to a 4 year University.  I would take at least one English class at the junior college level.  But before I did that I would see if that class would transfere to the 4 year college that you have selected.  Junior college English courses are generally easier than 4 years college level English courses.
Look into evening classes at your local college. xx
convinence- no gas to get to class.
Basicly it is legalized greed, turns out that the rich get richer and the poor get poorer and the middle class split and go one way or the other. Or it could be what the ape man said.
advanced placement and international bacueluarete (i cant spell that...). most highschools only offer AP, i dont know a lot about the other one. i think IB is more like ALL your classes have to be IB classes, and AP you can take whichever ones you like, but im not sure.
drink lots of beer, take some college classes, do some drugs, and of course... party, party, party!!!
Check with your local colleges and universities. Most have a licensure only program for those who already have a degree. But you will need to take enough classes to earn a BS to teach. There are some Education colleges on-line, don't know of any that are certified though. Checking with a local college or university that offers an Education major is a good start.
take ESL classes @ a school or @ your local library offers free classes
He is trying to get the class to gang up on the troublemakers instead of taking responsibility for it himself.
take a class
take a class in it
get a new class with a new teacher
u can't, get back to class
oh gee! all kinds of classes. freshman: english, science, speech. you will be taking all kinds of science classes all four years. you will have clinical experience, pharmaceutical classes, nutrition classes. i would also suggest going to the website of the college that you are interested in and find out the specifics there. every school is different. Good luck in your studies! Nursing is a very hard major.
My best suggestion is to take a class.  They will usually supply lower power, easy to handle bikes, require little to NO riding experience, and you get 15% off of your motorcycle insurance when you pass.  I took a class to learn to ride, and I'm glad that I did.  Good luck!
when you are in high school, there arnt any specific cources u need to take for ur major. you should just take the classes that are given to you, and when u get into the university, there are specific classeds you must take.
With honours. In this case it's a Bachelor of Science degree with honours. In the UK these degrees range from pass (no honours, so just BSc), through third class honours (a third), second class honours (a second; normally subdivided into 2:1 and 2:2) and first class honours (a first).
It depends on how many AP Exams you want to sit through, don't forget that not only do they each take some cramming but each test is like three hours (or something like that) and usually the AP tests are all offered near each other. I have friends who are taking like 5 AP classes (of 6 classes) and they have to not only study for all of them, but they ended up having to take more than one on the same day...
in some of your low level college classes the classroom size is huge.  Teachers don't want to call out all the names so they pass around an attendance sheet.  You get a friend in that class and you guys alternate days of going to class the one who goes signs your name to the list in different ink and not right after their name all the time
Take a safety class, get a back ground check, & pay a big fee. Check with the NA.
Caffeine is your friend! . . Soda, Coffee, Amp, ... anything that has a lot of caffeine will help.. . Try and get enough sleep at night.. . In class make sure that you are warm or cool enough in class which will help the sleepiness somewhat.. . Good Luck! Sometime you will have to take those boring classes but when you get your degree it will be worth it.
Take a speech class. It will help you speak in public and also works on grammar and proper annunciation. I think you would get alot more out os a speech class. Check it out.
see below link. . It is a style for formating papers, usually college classes
alot of community colleges have english classes for new english speakers
You need to pass the licensing exam in your state before you can call yourself a real estate agent, so the best way to start would be enrolling in classes that prepare you for the state exams. Any local realtor can tell you where to go for these classes, and you can also check with the local community college. Just taking the classes does not get you a license, though; you'll still have to sit for the exam.
Take a Spanish class
take a spanish class
take it to training classes
Take acting classes.
take an ESL class
tutoring, SAT prep math classes, teaching xtra classes at the local community college, develop a summer study booklet for students entering the next grade up and sell it
Now a days instructions for computers and computer software is rather easy, its just a bother to read. So, take the time to read them...OR you could take a computer class at the community college they usually slow paced. Good Luck!
you can take some acting classes at your local dance centre or YMCa or try out for a play at your college.
Start going to church. Take classes at a college on religion. Read the holy text of whatever religion you plan on becoming the priest of.
u can do this by using the concept of Singleton Classes. If u create a Single object for any Class, that object is called as Singleton Object. If u understand this concept ,its easy for u to create limited instances for any class.
Try taking an acting class, joining toastmasters club, and volunteering, joining organizations. Get involved with people.
well u need to take a driving class first. its easy as long as u pay attention to everything.
you go to college and take a bunch of classes on what you want to critic. the history, specialized stuff, etc, etc. Then you get a job somewhere were you use all that knowledge to critic something.
Oh, there's no telling what a high student is likely to do with a worm. Better get him sobered up before class.
Just as the nae suggests a wrapper class is used to encapsulate another class. If for example you want to hide something in a class you just use a wrapper class to box the confidential class so that other classes cannot access it. Also when you need to add some functionality to a class and the classes inheriting from it then you can wrap the entire class heirarchy into a wrapper class that has the specified functions and/or members.
Well, sometimes you can try out for a play at your college. You can take all the drama classes and either get a minor in acting or a double major. Also, when you finish school, you can get an agent.
Class 1 is up to 2,000lbs. Class 2 is up to 3,500 lbs. Class 3 is up to 5,000lbs. Class 4 is up to 7,500lbs Class 5 is up to 14,000lbs.
i took a college anatomy class and BW is correct in what he said
A student in the first-year class of a high school, college, or university. . A beginner; a novice. .
because colleges and universities can justify charging 950 dollars for an ethics class.
Because high school is boring! And besides that, you basically repeat the classes in college!
Most towns have a place where ged classes are held contact an area college they should be able to provide you with that information. there are ged books available at your local book store but I would recommend the classes and i think in most cases the classes are free.
I don't know if this is @ all schools, but you take an entrance exam and the scores that you get on the exam gives you a recommendation of what level classes you should take...but if you have 3.89 for the whole year, that's very good and most likely you'll get all honors classes.
I would get the class geek to do it for me.
Sue.  Get him fired or in some education classes.
definately english compostion classes and reading analysis classes, as well as socialogical classes and most likely some sort of pscycology class.
Take him to obedience classes
take a sexual education class.
Take a kickboxing or Karate class.
You may not know all the answers, and if you do, they might teach different method of getting the answers. Class may seem too easy, but it will get harder eventually.
Distant learning just means that the teacher and student are not in the same classroom. It could be education through correspondence classes, online (over the Internet), or on educational TV (some community colleges broadcast classes).
Don't press your luck.  Smart-a** kids like you are the ones who make high-school miserable for the rest of us.  Keep your mouth shut and your hands to yourself, and think of how your actions could affect the rest of your class mates.. I had an Algebra teacher one year who was like that.  One day the smart-a** boys in the class (3 of them) showed up for class wearing devil's horns. She gave the entire class 100 functions to graph for the next day for a full test grade (on top of studying for the AP exams that SOME of us were taking the next day) to get even.  No one else in the class would talk to those guys for three weeks. It wasn't worth it!
In the states there are three different options i don't know how many are available in England but it might help just to know them. . 1. Community Colleges offer many GED classes, and community education classes for a pretty small fee. Also some vocational classes. 2. Adult Education schools offer classes to get a diploma and vocational programs. 3. Continuation schools high schools that you need less units to graduate from. Good Luck I work at a community college and I see people in your situation everyday. they all are achieving their goals just like you will
It allows you to gain AP Credit (which may carry over as college credit, though rarely as GPA-altering quality points).  It is also a good way to aquaint highschoolers with the level or work and critical thinking skills expected of a college freshmen.  I took only AP and junior college classes my last 1 1/2 years of highschoool, and I can speak from experience that I entered university much better prepared than a lot of other students.
get some experience,go to acting classes,thats wot im doin!. i think its better to go prepared!
Kick 'em in the "privates." . Get mouthy in class on a regular basis.. Nitpick and correct each and every grammatical misstep - this might be easier to do in your science or math classes than in your English classes, though it would have more effect in the English class.. . Now, why would you need to do such a thing?
The library should have a book on it. Or check your community college they may have a class.
If you are in a large city most likely your community college offers some classes
Excel in math and science classes.  Go to college and enter ROTC and become an officer for the USAF.
call the local community college or check out there web page they have night classes
Often in college you don't actually have to go to class.  Just show up and take the tests.  I'm certain you will do well.
This way they can gauge if they are giving you enough information or not enough in their classes.  In university it could be to check what the students thought the class was about.  The course blurbs sometime don't get across what specifically the class is focusing on and if your expectations are wildly different, the professor can tell you and potentially save you $ on a class you'll hate!
Maybe it will select the students who  go to class, do the homework, read the text book, and study. As opposed to people who watch TV, smoke the weed, and hang in internet chat rooms. Admissions just select students with the potential, classes weed out the slackers. MIKE
With everything is is always a few horor stories, often it is people who did not read all of thier contracts, were expecting something that was not realistic.. . But they are most likley one of the better schools of thier type. They also have physcial schools, and offer in school classes, evening classes, and weekend classes, and thier online classes
Because it makes it easier for the rich to get richer and the poor to get poorer.  How are the middle and lower class supposed to compete with the 'slave' labor in China?  Hello free trade, good-bye middle class.
Geez, take a Civics class already.
umm take an english class lol
Try Taking a franklin covey class
take some class perfoming drugs
Take a public speaking or drama class.
by going to school and taking math classes..
yes if you take honors classes
you have to take a class and pass a test on bieng a flight atttendent i think the class lasts about 4 weeks???
democrats are for us middle class poeple and the poor,And republican are for the Rich poepl,When their in office the Rich get richer and the middle class has to struggle to stay Middle class,{Course they make it so we are poorer and when democrats are in Office middle class can Keep their head above water with bills as the saying goes and live comfortable and rebublicans can,t get our Money!{As much as when their in control!Hollywood
In college  myself and alot of other girls went barefoot in drama class. Our feet got dirty too. Most of us just wore a pair of sandals without socks so they would'nt get dirty,for the rest of the day to classes , and gave our feet a good washing when we got home
Based on the grammar and spelling in your message, you would be much better served by taking a remedial English class.
Each grade is worth points: A = 4, B = 3, C = 2, D = 1, F = 0; taking AP classes? A = 5, B = 4 and so on. Add up all the grades and divide by the # of classes and you have a general idea of your GPA. Maybe there's a more "scientific" way to do it, but that's the most common.
Do lots of physics and lots of math, but don't neglect your high school social life or the fun "dumb" classes.  . . Check with your high school office and your local community colleges.  You may be able to get high school and college credit for some upper level math classes.  In the state of Washington students can participate in a program called "running start".  This allows high school juniors and seniors to take courses at the community college and count them toward both college and high school credits.  . . Visit a college campus nearby and try to get an idea of what they will require of you.   Most of them have a sheet that shows exactly the classes you need to take to get the degree you want.. . Look for internships.  I worked for Hewlett-Packard for two years and that was very helpful both in letting me know what i wanted to do in the engineering fields, and in making my resume look good.
Ask a vet, but maybe you should sign her up for obidience school classes. Going to classes like this can help get rid of common behavior problems.
yea you should probably look into some kind of party planning job even if it's shitty, just to get experience, and I know they do have classes to take for being a wedding planner, and you would need to take some kind of business management type of class.
all college or second level classes :Algebra,Trig,Calais,(sp?)Geometry,Drafting ,Physics,
Try your local community College and enroll into an English class. Watch TV in English, etc.
I know Ive seen people actually taking a class at Orange Coast COllege in Costa Mesa.  I think they prepare you for the actual test.
If you don't have one, persue one.  Meet people at a bar.  At a church group.  Take a college class.  You'll find new friends to socialize with.
Take classes that interest you - i.e. - in highschool i painted and sculpted alot...so taking art classes instead of statistics made school more tollerable
High school classes are taught by generalist. College classes are taught by specialist. High school classes are daily. A college class could meet two days a week for an hour and a half each day or perhaps an hour a day for three days. Some classes are even independent study where you are given a list of books, articles, or research to read and then make comments about. . I have even had classes in college that met one time a semester and the remainder of the time I was to work on a project.. College homework requires several hours and high school homework could be answering simple questions. The difference is the level of instruction and level of required study.  I always kept the project listed on the first page of a spiral notebook with the dates because they may be mentioned only once.  That could be a surprise when you realize that much work needs to be done before it is ready.  In college you have more time to study. You also are responsible for your management of time.
Call your local junior college and ask them if they are offering a Counseling Class. It is a class that truly helps you find out where your interests lie and how to meet that goal. Make sure you are clear about which class so they do not think it has to do with psychology. They test you so you can see where your strengths and weaknesses are. Even though this class will not count towards your major, it will be of a huge benefit to you. It is hard, as a young person, to know what you may want to do all of your life. Take the class. You won't be sorry.
We didn't get to that chapter in my math class yet...sorry
Add 4 points for As, 3 for Bs, 2 for Cs, 1 for Ds, and 0 for Fs, then average it by dividing the sum by the number of classes you have...
a boring class you hav to take at school?!?!?!
You should take a spelling class first.
Take a class in public speaking. It worked for me.
You could always take a speech class.
it is if you take some technical classes while there
You need to talk to an academic advisor at your local college.  Get a college manual, they are free... . I am finishing at strayer this year.  You can find all classes  required for their degrees on their webpage under academic programs..
I would say humanities, world geography, psych, and any of the others. Though honestly high school classes don't really matter, it's what you study in college that'll matter to become an archaeologist. Just keep those grades up, SAT/ACT scores high, extra curricular activities to get into college. Beyond that, high school classes don't really matter too much.
Start by asking one of the local community colleges. They can steer you in the right direction. You might "test well" and get a lot of credits before you even start classes.
drafting, math (geometry, trigonometry, etc.), physics, and shop classes too - i guess.. i didn't take any shop classes though..
Go to the class where they take your  official attendance. For me it was my 3rd period class, then leave, and you will be marked present for the whole day.
Your high school counselors spend a lot of time advising people about college admissions. Ask one. Your chances are better if you have a GPA of 4.1 (Grades in AP classes count 1 more than normal; "A = 5, etc) and 1400+ on the SAT.. . If you can hit the basket from center court 8 times out of 10, or run 40 yards in 5 seconds with two linebackers hanging onto you, you just have to be able to spell your name.
Take acting classes for 10 years.  Call the community theaters in the city where you live and ask if they teach acting classes, or, know where you can take classes.  You can also call the theater department of the universities and ask them for acting school referrals.
art classes.  Architects have to take more art appreciation type classes while engineers take lots more math classes.  But, basically yes, the architect designs the building to achieve its purpose and the engineer makes sure materials used can keep it structurally sound.
I say, don't freak out on tests, get to know your professors well, see a tutor (they're not just for saving you from failing, a study group might also help if you think there are others in your position).. . Also don't feel bad about getting Bs.  (If you haven't yet you could take more exploratory classes and see if there is just something else you are better at).
mammal. . mam·mal (plural mam·mals). . noun . Definition:.  . class of warm-blooded vertebrate animals: a class of warm-blooded vertebrate animals that have, in the female, milk-secreting organs for feeding the young. The class includes human beings, apes, many four-legged animals, whales, dolphins, and bats.. . [Early 19th century. < modern Latin mammalia < Latin mamma "breast"]. . mam·ma·li·an adjective
take some classes to get your feet wet.  maybe join an acting group that performs.  and after you feel comfortable get an agent to help you get jobs.
In my state (California), I believe any degree is acceptable. The requirement is to have a teaching credential in order to acquire employment in most public schools. A teaching credential is granted upon successful completion of certain college classes related to the art/science of teaching.
Take your pick. 1.Lack of knowledge 2.Rebellious 3.Cut classes 4.Get on TV 5.All the above
figure it out yourself . listen in class. you'll be suprised how easy homework will b
Janitorial University. It will be a tediouse tenior. You will be taking classes such as Toilet scrubbing 101, and a chemistry class that will go over cleaning supplies to NOT mix such as amonia and bleach!
Chosing Interfaces vs Abstract Classes in not an eithier or choice, consider for example , if your applications functionality is likely to change in future then you could probably define the methods in an interface and let the functionality be defined by the class that implements the inteface,and thereby still maintain compatablity after revision, but on the other hande lets say, in case you want to write a class that forces a certain behaviour, ie , the behaviour remains constant, then you are better of defining it as an abstract class. Abstract classes are excellent ways to create planned inheritance hierachy, and remember a class that creates an abstract method can also call that method.. As a rule try to remember, if you are into creating API's then interfaces are the choice , on the other hand if you are building something like an application framework, consider using abstract classes to force certain behavioural characteristics,into all classes that extend your abstract class and let that class define the rest.
1.Neither can not be initanitiated. 2.Abstract class can have defined methods. . If you have an abstract class with no defined methods, you're better off using an Interface.
well 4 school keep notebooks and folders for every class, make sure only yhe work 4 that class is in that classes notebook/folder.A daily planner is helpful also. As for ur room, get plastic boxes for ur stuff and seperate it all. Once u do it then keep on top of it.
Graduate . Take classes . Go to collage . Interview people
I would take accounting classes if i was you!!!
Read many books, watch educational channels on TV, take a class at a community college or just wait to become wiser as you grow older and have more experiences.
A virtual function allows derived classes to replace the implementation provided by the base class. The compiler makes sure the replacement is always called whenever the object in question is actually of the derived class, even if the object is accessed by a base pointer rather than a derived pointer. This allows algorithms in the base class to be replaced in the derived class, even if users don't know about the derived class.. . ///
Binders and folders worked well for me in college, maybe they'd help with your class. If it makes you feel better, most 11-year-olds don't pay attention anyways.
The specific classes might change for one high school to another, but in all cases it is usually associated with what might be called the "college track."  Your high school guidance counselor should be able to help you choose the individual classes.
It's more complicated than that. It's a class thing. . . Tea is working class, served around 5 pm and this is normally the evening meal.  Working class people refer to the MID-DAY meal, i.e., 1 pm , as dinner. . . For the wealthier, Dinner is more like 8pm, once daddy gets home from the office etc. More for your upper class types. . . This is how it is in Scotland but nio doubt there are regional variations.
Computer Automated Design class in any college. Make sure your good at Geometry and Drafting first it helps.
Democrats are stubborn and for the working classes Republicans are not able to forget and are for the business classes
TAKE ANY CLASSES THAT HAVE ANYTHING TO DO WITH SPEECH SUCH AS ENGLISH 101 102 EVEN SOME BIOLOGY CLASSES, THAT SHOULD COUNT.  YOU'RE DOING PRESENTATIONS AND PAPERS.
Well for one you can cuse them out, get up and leave during class, get up during class and make a fool of yourself, tell them no when they tell you to do something, and when they make you do something like take notes or do homework wrip it up and tell them no.
Unfortuantely for me, we didn't have an AP History class way back when I was in school, so I am not sure how well I could have done, but I seem to have done pretty well with just a regular history class.  So, you should do very well.  I plan on going back to college in January and major in History.  I hope I do well.
Probally, I'm taking AP World and it's a lot of work. a class based on one part of history might be easier sense its focusing on one thing, but even so, it might focus in to the small details rather than a general over view like AP World.
still gotta pay.  you take the class and they withhold judgement, if you dont get another in a year it goes away, off your record.
Yes, but a lot of employers don't value online degrees as much. It's getting better though. Some schools you can do part in the class and part online.
they don't, a bachlors degree normally takes 4 years or 8 semsesters to complete. But its bassed on a number of credits, that are earned by passing a class. If you wanted to finish early, take more classes.
If you are in construction management, other than engineering, what you know is more important than how you got to know it. If you are taking the classes to beef up your resume, you may be better off going to an established college of university.
well i could tape for u some of the lectures  given by my lecturers in college....believe me they r first class snorers...thats why i am awake all night cuz i m mostly asleep in class ;))
ABSOLUTELY! For those of us who went to small schools that severely lacked in supporting its art classes and then went on to college to major in art, art is a very big part of education and I believe just as much money should be spent on proper art classes and supplies as they spend of football or choir or any other extra curricular classes. A lot of money is spent on making sure that students who plan on going to college to become scientists or math teachers or whatever have the classes in high school that will prepare them, however people think that things like Art classes and Music classes aren't that important because not alot of people make alot of money off of their art or music, but if its your passion then this country should be able to fund it because thats what America's about. Being what you want to be, isn't it?
this is bachelors degree, sometimes they will request a master specially if you would like to teach college level. Depends the state once you get your degree and get the practice you need continued education or if you have any other degree the state will make you take other classes for certification and that it is
Did you get this question in your science class at school? Go hit the books!
do something really outrages in one of the classes, that way you get kicked out!!!!!!!!!
If you donate it to a school for their auto shop classes you can get a tax deduction.
If u live in Malaysia.....u can get a Malay teacher to sponsor yr class.
Business class is just a description the airlines invented to replace what it really is: 2nd class.  It's nicer than Coach (3rd class) because the Business class seats are wider and are located ahead of Coach.  If your flight is going to be very long, Business class may be worth the extra cost since it's more comfortable.
Honestly you have to prepare to be a little bored.  Things to do to prepare is get plenty of rest each night before class, take a caffeinated beverage with you to class, take notes while the professor is lecturing(this will also help when it comes test time) and read along or highlight your book during lectures.
- excellent grades (top 5% or better in your class typically). - extracurriculars:  sports, music, clubs (e.g. drama, debate, math etc). - legacy within the family (immediate or relatives who are graduates). - attend Yale open house within your area (info available by contacting admissions office). - speak to your high school guidance counselor for advice. - ask Yale admissions officer for tips and get to know him/her
I am a working class citizen, I am also republican. Most republicans and working class people are also Christians. It makes sense. I am very much for Bush, but more for the voting against the horrible, and getting Bush, then getting him.
of course!....i had straight 4.0's in middle school..though did NOT take any honors classes....y?...well since i had no idea about that...well now, i'm taking my 4th honors class (economics) and i'm a senior in HS....... . ur gpa's is GREAT!.....my unweighted so far is 3.95 (i had my first B's in my junior year and yes....i'm trying to get away from that and maintain A's).....though my weighted in 4.06. . also, the best part about it is that as long as a class does not have AP, then it'll be weighted 5=A rather than a 4.. . i'm sure u'll do great.....=]
simple because the wealthy are just getting richer and the poor are just getting poorer and the middle class have disappeared
class I hitch, 1500 lbs.. . class II, 3500 lbs, but that's pushing it.
I dunno, but I loved drafting class, I was best in my class!
Ideally there is no diffrence between struct and class in C++ except that in struct, all members are public by default and in class they are private.. . class and struct are interchangeable. I would say, struct is into C++ just for compatibility with C.. . Prefer using class in C++.
It depends... If you can afford it, go to college and take your favorite classes. If you need a profession to earn enough money, try to choose the classes that will help you go out to the real world but still interest you.  Staying in the academy can be real fun, the problem is that it takes forever until you earn enough money.. Hope I helped...
its the difference on how mnay classes u r taking
practice, do pilates, take gymnastics and dance classes, and meditate
maybe you just need to take an anger management class.
Take English classes or maybe buy English phase books.
Umm what kind of history class did you take?
exercise, take a karate class or something, have sex that works.
Class of 06 and 05 did have to take the graduation tests.
Some schools weight their GPAs so that honors or AP classes are worth more.  Instead of an A being worth 4 points it might be worth 5 points.
In my high school 94% and up was an A. In college the majority of classes used a 10 point scale so 90% and up was an A.
find class in area were you live that offer that couser cna,or community college will also so,. good luck.
its the class system. the society was divided into 3 estates or the class systems. the lower class had a lotta trouble and strife while the upper two classes enjoyed a lotta privelages and political immunity. . . plz vote if u like my answer
See if a local college or art museum has a "life drawing" class.  The model's pose nude or lightly clad and you can probably "audit" the class without actually enrolling at the school.  There will also be an instructor to guide you.  There will of course be a fee but it won't be huge.
If you dont want to learn HTML let me suggest a software called DreamWeaver. I just learned this in a class I was taking and it's fairly easy to use.
Undergraduate students do not yet have a four-year college degree (like a Bachelor of Arts or Bachelor of Science).. . Graduate students do. They're working on master's degrees, law or medical degrees, or doctorates, for example.. . Students with a four year degree who are taking classes but not working towards a particular degree are called post-baccalaureate students
A lot of math and science in college, particularly science, along with the regular core classes required for graduation.  Look at college websites at the various science degrees offered and the requirements.
Object Oriented Programming is an idea in programming. You create objects in your code, by classes, which you can call and customize to suit your needs. . . Example: You are writing a program for a car dealership. You create a Car Class/Object that your program can use and reuse over and over again. . . ---------Car Class. . Public Class Car.     Private color As String.     Public Sub New().         color = "No Color".     End Sub.     Public Property CurrentColor() As String.         Get.             Return color.         End Get.         Set(ByVal Value As Int32).             color = Value.         End Set.     End Property. End Class. . . ---------Main. Car1 = New Car. Car1.CurrentColor(“Green”). . Car2 = New Car. Car2.CurrentColor(“Red”). . . --------. This is a very baisc example, hope it helps
It's great that you have improved your study habits this year, it's not too late so keep it up.  At this point your best bet is to go to a public school for two years and then you can try to transfer to a better school.  Many state universities have lower admission standards so you might have some luck there.  The quality of education at state schools can be quite good and you might decide to stay there anyway.. . Also, don't forget about the community colleges.  Almost anyone can get in, tuition is very low, the credits are easy to transfer, and if you get a two-year degree from a community college most four-year colleges won't even look at your high school performance.  Many high school students look down on community colleges but it's the best bang for the buck in education.  And you'll often find that quality of education for first and second year classes at community college is better than four-year colleges because of the class sizes, and most courses are taught by professors, not grad students.  Also, most of the courses you complete for a two-year you would have to take anyway for a four-year program.. . One word of caution, stay away from any school that advertises on TV (talk shows, late night tv, courtroom tv shows, etc.), unless you've received a specific recommendation from someone who is *employed* in the job you are hoping to get.  Many of these schools are only interested in taking your money and are not respected by employers.
Organizational Behavior is a class where they teach you things that are completely obvious.  I learned absolutely nothing new from the OB class that I took in Business School.. . The only valid reason to take the class isbecause it is required.. . I suspect that in more advanced classes there may be some content, but I doubt if it is more valuable from what you would learn by working.
Homework is an assignment to do work outside of class and bring it back.  There are also in-class assignments.
talk to your counselor, I'm not sure about where you live but find out if you can enroll in a local college to get both high school and college credit. Also try to take adult class which most school offer through the week in the afternoon. I hoped i was of help.. Good luck.
Usually you need a minimum of a Masters degree except for math classes, in which case you can often get by with a BS.  You would go through Human Resources at the local school in addition to talking to someone in the department where you want to teach.
The biggest thing is that you're not going to be the big man anymore.  The Seniors are kind of in charge, but it's still fun to find a senior or junior friend here and there.. . Classes usually aren't that much harder unless you CHOOSE harder classes.  You do get more homework in some classes, but less homework in other usually - so it evens out.
My school has about 195 kids and we have, maybe, 20 teachers. So 10 to 1. Some of my classes have hardly any kids in it. Like my AP Calculus class. But there are some schools, like in Chicago where I'm sure the ratio is about 25 to 1.
With all three of those classes at once, it's not going to be easy.  There isn't an easy way to do this.  But it is possible to do it without going crazy.  As hard as it may be with everything else going on in your life, you need to take all the opportunities you have to get help from your professors.  They're going to be able to answer your questions better than anyone else.  Pay attention in class - don't try to multitask.  Find one or two people (no more than two) that you can study with for all three classes.  Meet regularly.  This is a big help because you can support each other's weak areas and together identify the things that need a professor to answer.  Hope that helps.  By the way, this is from experience.  I didn't have all three at once, but I had chemistry last year, and I'm taking physics and calculus this year.
Teachers determine if you pass your class or not. It's always best to be wary and not necessarily be teachers pet, but rather, attempt to get them on their good side. Trust me. It's easier to do a class if everyone follows the teacher correctly.
You have to get professional photos taken and then take her to an agent and asked to be repped. Most likely the agent will tell her to take acting classes, but at least she'll be in the system.
Inheritance offers classes to be defined with taxonomy, like is done when classifying plants or animals. . In simple words, objects of inherited classes refine the state and behaviour of its parent. In a scenario where parent class is performing a certain operation, the child classes should be substitutable.
As long as you have a good GPA in college you can still be accepted into medical school.. It's up to you to deside what you want ot major in when it comes to college as long as you take the required premed classes-- 2 years of chemistry and whatever else is on the list talk to your counselor at school about the premed classes.. . Very goooood pay, good job, awesome living... You can get into research, psychopharmacology, child and adolescent psychiatry, emergency psychiatry, consultation liaison, geriatrics, forensic psychiatry, ect.
To many of the Brits, America is still just one of the old colonies.. On a practical level, the upper class in England does have class.  In America, the upper class has money, and lots of it.
I've always been fond of everything that had to do with either art, languages, or philosophy.. Music class, Art class, Drama class, English, German, Religion, Social Studies.
Get enough sleep the night before. Drink some orange juice right before class. It gets into your bloodstream quicker than anything and will create a period of alertness. Of course, it will probably be followed by a sugar crash later. . . If you are falling asleep in class, it means you aren't getting enough rest.
I think you need to start as a intern at a radio station or news station.. You should take some college classed about media. Talk to a counselor at your local community college they can help you with career goals.
Interface vs. abstract class . Choosing interfaces and abstract classes is not an either/or proposition. If you need to change your design, make it an interface. However, you may have abstract classes that provide some default behavior. Abstract classes are excellent candidates inside of application frameworks. . . Abstract classes let you define some behaviors; they force your subclasses to provide others. For example, if you have an application framework, an abstract class may provide default services such as event and message handling. Those services allow your application to plug in to your application framework. However, there is some application-specific functionality that only your application can perform. Such functionality might include startup and shutdown tasks, which are often application-dependent. So instead of trying to define that behavior itself, the abstract base class can declare abstract shutdown and startup methods. The base class knows that it needs those methods, but an abstract class lets your class admit that it doesn't know how to perform those actions; it only knows that it must initiate the actions. When it is time to start up, the abstract class can call the startup method. When the base class calls this method, Java calls the method defined by the child class. . . Many developers forget that a class that defines an abstract method can call that method as well. Abstract classes are an excellent way to create planned inheritance hierarchies. They're also a good choice for nonleaf classes in class hierarchies.
It is the short form of promenade. It's defined A formal dance held for a high-school or college class typically at or near the end of the academic year.
check with your community college about night classes.  Also check with school counseler about ways to make up credits.
Well, both are related to inheritance.. . Virtual functions are the ones which are declared in a base class and defined in derived classes. Virtual functions may be defined in the base class as well..    Use the keyword virtual to define such functions;.      virtual int fun( );.  . Pure virtual functions are not defined in the base class, they are only defined in (all) the derived classes. You can declare a pure virtual function as:.    virtual void fun( ) = 0;. . When a base class has a pure virtual function, it cannot be used to instantiate any objects. It becomes an abstract class.
its an MMORPG... its like runescape but better graphics and more classes and skills, and quests.
Elite means one of a special group of people, above the average, of a better class (ugh!).
why don't you think about taking up a health class
YOU SHOULD WALK THE DOG EVERY DAY AND TAKE IT TO OBEDIANCE CLASSES
take a class on engine rebuilding. there is really too much to explain here.
READ,read, read...take evening classes, do crossword puzzles
Stop worrying about corol (sic) reefs and take an English class!
Take a speech class.  That will help.  Read self improvement books also.
it's true that is what he have done all for the rich . nothing for the middle class or working class
Junior High School is upto class V,whereas a Middle School is upto class VIII
Most universities with a nursing major will have a set class program that all of the nursing students follow. You'll have to do your school's generals of course (western civilization, English, writing, probably some sort of math) and then you'll have lots of science classes - biology, chemistry, anatomy, and human physiology are what i have to take. Then you'll have actual nursing classes where you learn the practical stuff (giving injections, for example). Many programs will require you to first take a Certified Nurses Assistant class (or CNA) which you can take while you're still in high school if you want, and you can often take it at a community college. The red cross offers it several times a year in my state (Minnesota) and in many others as well.
uhm i dont know what "vaginal secretion" is but for the anger thing, take a anger management class. or just get a punching bag to releese your anger.
one word: prerequisites.. . she'd have to go back to school and take all the required science classes. she'd get miserable scores on the MCATs with no science background.
I thought it was great and showed she had. class...plus wouldn't you love to make the . repukes 'uncomfortable' cuz they are about . to get indicted for exposing her...I heard . she sat pretty close to Rove....such class!
boy it must be hard living somewhere you cant even speak or understand the language. you should take a class to learn the language then you could get around better meet people or have you tried getting a pet something that will depend on you  then you have to get up and out
It's your major coursework which leads to what you want to do with your life.  You must still take the basics such as History, English, and mathematics.  You normally take around 36 hours of classes in your major, or about 12 classes.  You can also minor in a field, which is about 18 hours or 6 classes.
you must slect the class which class you wana use then you can see which IP address you are going to use like in class c IP is 192.16.*.*
I commend you on all the education and knowledge you have under your belt!. . My suggestions:.  - decide on which area of interest/expertise you'd like to teach in..  - you may have to get some teaching experience and /or a teaching license depending on the laws in your state..  - you may have to get a doctorate degree, again, depending on what you teach..  - you may be able to teach some college classes at a junior college or even some adult ed classes through a college. . . The first thing I would do is find out if you can teach or how to get a license to teach.. . good luck!
well I'd say that depends on your personal style of learning.  To use distance learning (the internet, not satileite tv) obviously it will be best if you're a verbal learner or visual as you will basically be reading and completing modules.  If you are a better social or audio learner you may get friends to take the class with you so you can discuss the class or maybe read the lessons outloud to yourself or even tape record them.
Usually you have to start working construction, join the union, and then make an inquiry with your union for training. Then you MIGHT be selected as a candidate. You can also take classes at community colleges.
You may want to take a class on investing at a college.. Not one of those fly by night things.. . Any ways you can buy stock directly from a company on a dividend reinvestment plan.
Step.1 Take English class and maybe some writing class too.. Step.2 Ask question again. Step.3 Welcome to America. . or just try plugging your display in...
You can sign up for Microsoft trainer classes.  After that you will become a software tester for Microsoft and they will send you beta software to be tested.  But I don't know it is free to take the class.
Take your Driver's Ed classes (I recommend driversed.com, because it's online and you don't have to go to class), then apply for it. You'll have to take a written test at the DMV. If you pass, then they'll issue you one.
depends on class
accountant? classes
the working class
working class
With humble class.
Good question...usually middle class women get abortion...it's not free...it's a messed-up double standard
juz go to the typing class for 4 months.. juz work hard for it.. atlast,, u can get it......
pro: gas milage, turning for it's class, and price. . cons: gets knocked aroundin crosswinds, very cramped
Drugs are substances that cause a physical or mental change in your body. If they are used therapeutically, they get classed as pharmaceuticals.
The only way to skip school without getting caught is to have your twin attend class for you.
Get a lawyer. People from that state are involved in a class action suit. It is the largest suit of its kind.
The person (the bee) makes no class distinctions.  He sees everyone as equal and wonderful regardless of their class and origin.
Senior class History teacher...cause he had dandruff that flew all over the class room
A class is a class of IPs. IP addresses are either Class A, B, C, D, or E. If you use classless routing, youa re not using TCP/IP. An example of this is IPX/SPX protocol.
That's a very good question.  Why should the poor and middle class young people be fighting a war for the rich?  It does not make sense--it's as though, once again, the poorer classes are "servants" to the upper class.
Maybe because an honest, hard working, middle class American wouldn't want so much of his hard earned money taxed to pay for entitlements and wasteful social programs. I also take issue with your claim that the middle class has always had it better under democrats. Not true.
The best thing I have ever done is the Pump classes by Les Mills.  You have to join a gym to get the classes.  It sounds like you need to build muscle( eat more protein) and something in the area of weight training.
Choosing interfaces and abstract classes is not an either/or proposition. If you need to change your design, make it an interface. However, you may have abstract classes that provide some default behavior. Abstract classes are excellent candidates inside of application frameworks. . . Abstract classes let you define some behaviors; they force your subclasses to provide others. For example, if you have an application framework, an abstract class may provide default services such as event and message handling. Those services allow your application to plug in to your application framework. However, there is some application-specific functionality that only your application can perform. Such functionality might include startup and shutdown tasks, which are often application-dependent. So instead of trying to define that behavior itself, the abstract base class can declare abstract shutdown and startup methods. The base class knows that it needs those methods, but an abstract class lets your class admit that it doesn't know how to perform those actions; it only knows that it must initiate the actions. When it is time to start up, the abstract class can call the startup method. When the base class calls this method, Java calls the method defined by the child class. . . Many developers forget that a class that defines an abstract method can call that method as well. Abstract classes are an excellent way to create planned inheritance hierarchies. They're also a good choice for nonleaf classes in class hierarchies.
I'm in honors biology and find the best way to pass the class is to read the chapter and UNDERSTAND everything you're reading. This usually takes me 1-2 hours to understand 10-20 pages. I know it sounds insane, but I ended up getting the highest score of my class with a final average of 104%
many liberal arts classes, some business, and some math (here and there) also art history and maybe some classes involving physical things such as wood work, ceramics etc. i kno loottss of art classes--but dont worry your advisor will help tell you what you need to take...
Become more confident. Know the subject matter that you are talking about. Reherse. Some community colleges offer classes on Public Speaking.
start a journal, write every day.. . look at college classes, I like MIT open courseware, (see below for the one on writing)
i am in college and i have a totally online class, teachers post alot of assignments and keep in touch with students through email
take motorcylce safety class. . wear a snell approved full-face helmet
I think you are confused. Take a class in basic economics and then ask the question.
take a spinning class three days a week and eliminate dairy for three weeks.
You should just take an evolution class and all your questions will be answered.
Check at local nursing homes in fla in missouri we had to take a class
